Muna's friend
My dear friend Muna, can I know your opinion on some points related to the Arabic language?
Of course Reem, because I love this kind of conversation.
Okay, when did the Arabic language appear?
The Arabic language appeared many years ago
and the historians pointed out that it is one of the high languages,
and it is the group of the oldest languages ​​in the world.
Why is learning Arabic difficult?
It's not like that.
Rather, the diversity of Arabic language sciences,
between literature and communication,
grammar and grammar,
beauty and expression,
and multiple singularities,
make some people afraid of learning them.
While it is one of the strong and easy languages to learn,
it only needs determination and persistence to learn and master it.
Do you know why Arabic is called the language of the dead?
Yes, of course.
This name is re-released on Arabic,
since it is the only language in the world
that contains the letter DAD.
Do you always get high marks in Arabic?
And the teacher describes you as a lover of Arabic.
Why?
How can I not love it?
The Creator has honored it,
and made it the language of the Holy Quran,
and the language of the Master of Messengers,
and it is the main language of Islam,
and the cradle of civilizations around the world.
How beautiful is the Arabic language!
Thank you, Yamuna.